:sparkles: Add poi shapeparser (#3356)
GeotrekCE/Geotrek-admin: docs/install/import.rst

Import other datas from a file
==============================

You can add parsers in your custom `parsers.py` file (``/opt/geotrek-admin/var/conf/parsers.py``) which will allow you to

> import datas from files directly in your admin (superusers only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import data from files directly in your admin (superusers only).
```

> For exemple, some parsers are not available by default but you can use them adding some lines in your parsers file :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, some parsers are not available by default but you can still use them by adding some lines in your parsers file :
```
